946 Final EventsMode Doc Polish (#192)
casper-ecosystem/cep-78-enhanced-nft: README.md

| V_1_0_standard            | 1   |
| V_1_0_custom              | 2   |

#### EventsMode

The `EventsMode` modality determines how the installed instance of CEP-78 will handle the recording of events that occur from interacting with the contract.

> The modality provides two options:

Reviewer: I guess there are 3 options, including `NoEvents`:
```suggestion
The modality provides three options:
```

| Event name      | Included values and type                                                |
| --------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Mint            | recipient (Key), token_id (String), data (String)                       |
| Transfer        | owner (Key), operator (Option<Key>), recipient (Key), token_id (String) |
| Burn            | owner (Key), token_id (String)                                          |
| Approval        | owner (Key), spender (Key), token_id (String)                           |
| ApprovalRevoked | owner (Key), token_id (String)                                          |
| ApprovalForAll  | owner (Key), operator (Key)                                             |
| RevokedForAll   | owner (Key), operator (Key)                                             |
| MetadataUpdated | token_id (String), data (String)                                        |
| Migration       | -                                                                       |
| VariablesSet    | -                                                                       |

#### Modality Conflicts

> The `MetadataMutability` option of `Mutable` cannot be used in conjunction with `NFTIdentifierMode` modality of `Hash`.

Reviewer: This would be easier to understand:
```suggestion
The `MetadataMutability` option set to `Mutable` cannot be used in conjunction with the `NFTIdentifierMode` modality set to `Hash`.
```
